# Home of the STDP code!
There are four locations in this repository for the code used in this work.
* Archive folder in the main brach contains all of the initial work for this research. This includes a large number of revisions, backups of working code, files used to test features, and supporting code or number files.
* The dev branch is a well organized branch maintained by [Algorithm Rae Parsons](https://github.com/algorithmraeparsons). It highlights the essential elements of the main branch and removes the unnecessary files. Additionally, it contains the initial conversion of the Jupyter notebook used in research to a Python script.
* The STDP_FinalPythonCollection branch contains a second overhaul of the Python code, segmenting it into multiple files, allowing for easier navigation and increased approachability. This set of files completes the same process as the final code in the dev branch, just in a different format with more options incorporated. This should be treated as the complete, usable version to continue testing or development from.
* The STDP_Inhibition branch contains the first major modifications to the STDP code. It is built from the STDP_FinalPythonCollection file set, but contains a variety of changes throughout. This code contains the initial testing of STDP on the same network, however, now including additional inhibitory connections. This branch serves as an example for how the core code can be modified and adapted to investigate other aspects or features of the system, or apply it to different questions entirely.
